hey youtube this is the cyma 170 and 107
for ages 14 and up I'm gonna be 14 in a
week so I can't wait to get into this
okay i bought a straight off of amazon
eighteen dollars worth the price here we
go is the inbox okay first thing we drop
there's some extra propeller and USB
cable to charge the camera then we have
the helicopter in the controller 30
don't know what this is maybe don't know
left to right nice at all look in here
all I'm forward off in the back I guess
they take batteries in the back right
here to charge the okay
ok here we go that here's the
instruction manual just want to show you
guys how you can charge it stop with
that put that down guess I got the red
one there are two very colors but I got
everyone i just say there's a helicopter
itself nice and small get into then a
second pretty nice baseball so yes
everything that comes in the box USB
cable wire used to charge it and which
means no much batteries of it so thank
you to call me i subscribe and it's a
great bye bye